Call guessing function
Function takes 2 para (numToGuess) and (TotalGuesses)
Guess(number with 10 default tries)// editable by developer
set default number of guesses to 10
function returns number of guesses(0 if person did not suceed)//(the number of tries the person suceeded)

range is from 1 to 100
guess>actual help (X is to small guess larger number)
guess<actual help (X is to larger guess smaller number)
invalid entry don't count it as guess and tell user to input a num

1. Full-stack Developer: Proficient in both front-end and back-end development, capable of handling the entire software development process. 2. Front-end Developer: Specializes in creating user interfaces and experiences using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. 3. Back-end Developer: Focuses on server-side programming, database management, and implementing the business logic of software applications. 4. Mobile App Developer: Specializes in developing applications for mobile devices using platform-specific languages (e.g., Java or Swift) or cross-platform frameworks (e.g., React Native or Flutter). 5. DevOps Engineer: Combines software development with IT operations, ensuring efficient software delivery, deployment, and infrastructure management. 6. Quality Assurance Engineer: Responsible for testing software applications, identifying bugs or issues, and ensuring the quality and functionality of the software.

Various roles in software development include:

1. Front-end Developer
2. Back-end Developer
3. Full-stack Developer
4. Mobile App Developer
5. Software Architect
6. DevOps Engineer
7. Data Scientist
8. Quality Assurance Engineer
9. UI/UX Designer
10. Database Administrator
11. Systems Analyst
12. Software Engineer
13. Embedded Systems Developer
14. Game Developer
15. Security Engineer

Through my research assignment on Summit Tech and the programming task of constructing a JavaScript number guessing game, I have gained valuable insights into the company's offerings and the practical application of my career path

echo "# SUMMITTECH" >> README.md
git init
git add README.md
git commit -m "first commit"
git branch -M main
git remote add origin https://github.com/Orock-tk97/SUMMITTECH.git
git push -u origin main

https://github.com/Orock-tk97/SUMMITTECH.git

